[Docs] Improvements to custom flavor and custom orchestrator pages (#1747)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/stacks-and-components/component-guide/orchestrators/custom.md

            # each step only runs after all its upstream steps finished
            upstream_steps = step.spec.upstream_steps

>             # You can get the config your orchestrator like so.
>             # The config is the "static" part of your orchestrators config, defined
>             # when you register your orchestrator
>             step_config = step.config  # Defined in `MyOrchestratorConfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # You can get the config of your orchestrator like so.
            # The config is the "static" part of your orchestrators config, defined
            # when you register your orchestrator
            config = self.config
```

I would suggest not even mentioning this here, maybe in the comment of the step settings below?

Reviewer 2: Was already moved into a hint so I guess this is resolved
